John Mike, the author of the book "The Anatomy of a Flying Saucer" published in 2011, recognized
as the best and only "UFO book" worth reading, unfortunately, passed away in 2019. This was 
discovered after using Google to locate his obituary in his hometown of Dania, Florida, which
corresponded with the available information about him. He presents a compelling case, in fact, 
the only possibility consistent with the known laws of mathematical physics and the extensive 
evidence of incredible events involving strange aliens with capabilities far beyond anything 
currently human or known conventional entities could generate. 

The Levelland, Texas UFO incident in the early 1950s was particularly well-documented, with 
accounts from a variety of individuals from all walks of life at the time. There is still 
documentary evidence available, including newsreels of interviews with witnesses and PDF files 
of Air Force notes taken while statements from the witnesses were recorded. 

John Mike categorized a vast number of sightings and conducted an extremely detailed engineering 
analysis of the observed commonalities, identifying a unique zig-zag pattern often reported as 
these crafts were departing the vicinity of Earth, here in the Milky Way. This pattern, far from 
being an "insignificant backwater" as Hawking insisted, is actually a direct result of this 
trajectory being the path of minimal energy for departing Earth if your vehicle is powered by a 
spinning disc of precisely engineered negative mass, tuned as closely as possible to match the 
mass of the conventional positive mass that makes up crafts, me, you, and everything else. 

Negative mass is legit, mathematically, hypothetically, and, I dare say, experimentally, once the 
unified theory is established following my revelation of the proof and actual place and meaning 
the Riemann hypothesis has, of which the relation to prime numbers is the most uninteresting, 
trifling, and distracting aspect. It actually relates to a fundamental orthogonal basis which 
constitutes the Gaussian random field having isotropic symmetry. This is fundamentally modeled 
by Bessel functions of the first kind of order 0, where the order of the Type 1 Bessel function 
is the dimension of the space minus 2, so that J0 corresponds to an isotropic Gaussian process 
on the plane n=2. 

There is a unique extension into 3D, and a way to use this kernel as a Gaussian process using a 
Wigner function-inspired kernel that provides the canonical orthogonal basis set to represent 
the kernel J0 as well as the Hardy Z function, which is the principal realization of this newly 
discovered Gaussian process at the heart of all things. I liken this to what the Tao Te Ching 
was referring to, in the sense that this will also generate the correct way to completely solve 
the Wheeler-DeWitt equation and satisfy the Wightman axioms, proving Yang-Mills and the Riemann 
hypothesis, and bringing in the spaces of general and special relativity via the relations of 
congruences of isotropic affine subspaces called translation-surfaces. 

Anyway, that part's later. I'm focusing on publishing the orthogonal basis and a generalized method 
to apply this solution technique to other operational equations systematically by applying the process 
of orthogonalizing the Fourier transforms of the orthogonal polynomial sequences consisting of the 
Hilbert space corresponding to the reproducing kernel Hilbert space of the kernel whose Fourier transform 
is the spectral density equal to the orthogonality measure of the sequence of orthogonal polynomials 
which was Fourier transformed (thus being transformed to a basis in which it is not orthogonal any longer), 
yet in which we apply the well-known Gram-Schmidt expansion theorem to orthogonalize and then sum to get 
back to the kernel of the Gaussian process which we are modeling and now able to represent via this 
self-adjoint operator whose spectrum coincides with the Riemann zeros. :)

